(wind blowing)
Everyone in the stadium will be
talking only about Shadow,
the mysterious Eminence.
They will have forgotten all
about Background Character Cid.
I worked hard today.
Think I'll go soak
in the hot spring.
(energy building)
Hmm?
(ominous music)
What is this?
A giant door?
Hmm...
(ominous music builds)
(sighs)
(energy building)
Hmm?
Oh, come on.
Hmm...
(ominous music continues)
(smug chuckle)
(energy building)
This isn't what they mean
when they talk about
a door that can go anywhere,
is it?
I get the feeling that I
couldn't ignore it
if I wanted to.
Hmm...
Well, fine then.
Let's just get this over with.
(OPENING THEME)
(spectators chattering)
(ominous music)
[man] I've never seen
anything like it.
What in the world?
Wait, is that a giant door?
[Rose]
Do you think a new warrior's
going to come out of it?
[Alexia]
We already saw that witch.
What would be next, the demon?
[Nelson] Impossible!
Does this mean the Sanctuary
actually responded to Shadow?
[Rose] Archbishop?
Huh?
What do you mean responded?
Oh, just, well,
as you know, of course,
today is the one day of the year
that the door to
the Sanctuary is opened.
However, a door appearing
like this in the middle
of the trial...
This type of thing has
never happened before.
I heard that the
door to the Sanctuary
was actually hidden
inside the cathedral.
[Nelson] The word "door"
doesn't refer only
to the one door with a
physical manifestation.
As you can see, it changes
shape and location at will,
taking on the most
appropriate form
to respond to those who seek it
and those who are worthy
to pass through it.
There is a Forbidding Door,
a Beckoning Door,
and a Welcoming Door.
I don't know which door
we're seeing now.
Wait a minute,
the door is opening!
Get the congregation outside!
Don't let anyone
near that door!
[staff] The Goddess' Trial
has been canceled.
Please exit quickly.
(general hubub)
Now ladies, we don't want to
risk putting you in any danger.
So let's exit the stadium and-
Huh?!
What in the world?
[Natsume]
Oh, dear, dear, dear, dear!
[Nelson] Oh, uh...
(tense music)
[Nelson] You? It can't be!
Shadow Garden?
(yawns)
My apologies.
But I ask that you
behave yourselves
until the door is closed,
Your Highnesses.
It's all up to you now.
[Epsilon]
Yes, I understand, Lady Alpha.
[Nelson] When did you...
(Nelson spluttering)
Come, Delta.
Yes, Your Ladyship, sir.
[Alexia] So that's Alpha.
She's strong,
stronger than Iris.
(dramatic music)
[Alexia] They vanished!
Hold it right there!
Keep out of our Sanctuary.
[Rose] What are you people
trying to do?
All we want is for you to be
good little girls,
and stay right here until the
door is completely closed.
However, we will be
taking Baldy with us.
What could you possibly
be planning to do
in the Sanctuary?
[Epsilon]
It's not about what we do there.
It's about what we find there.
[Epsilon] Nobody move.
(both gasp)
If you take one more step,
who can say what will happen
to this woman?
(screams)
Miss Natsume!
We could just let her die.
No, we can't do that!
[Natsume]
Don't worry, I'll be fine.
[Alexia] Not buying the act.
[Epsilon] I totally
understand how you feel.
[Rose] Miss Natsume!
[Epsilon]
So anyone can go through,
but it won't stay open forever.
[Rose] Miss Natsume!
[Alexia] Let's let her die.
[Epsilon] We are going inside.
Come on, baldy.
Bring the woman too.
(grrr) I'm not going anywhere,
so you can go without me
to the afterlife!
Hmm?!
[Nelson]
Executioner Venom, kill her!
(gasps)
(dramatic tense music)
[Cid] Do you want power?
[Epsilon] I WILL claim
victory over nature!
I refuse to be exposed!
Not here, not now!
(tense brooding music)
[Nelson]
Huh? What happened? What the?
Venom!
Venom, what are you doing?
Just kill her!
(blood splattering)
[Epsilon] Did you see?
Did you see ANYTHING?
No, I didn't! I swear
I didn't see a single thing.
I mean, what- (whaaa)
[Epsilon] Come on, Baldy.
(sighs)
What would he have
seen in there?
It all happened so quickly,
in the blink of an eye.
Oh, no!
[Alexia] Hey, stop!
[Rose] Miss Natsume!
(gasps)
[Alexia] The door!
[Rose] It's closing!
[Shadow] Stay out of it.
No, I refuse!
Wait, Alexia!
(gasp)
Okay, here I come!
(quiet descends)
(electrical discharge)
(both screaming)
(large thuds)
Well, that hurt a little.
Is everyone all right?
[Alexia]
My dear, Rose, please move now.
Princess Alexia,
I would ask that you please
not grope my breast.
I'm not touching this jiggly
sack of meat for fun, okay?
Oh, I see now!
You ARE jealous of me.
[Rose] Ladies, let's not fight.
[all] Huh?
[Rose] Uh...
Um, uh...
[Alexia] I'm very sorry.
[Natsume] Ouch...
I tripped and fell, then there
was a door right in front of me
and I couldn't stop myself.
Fine, do whatever you like.
It may be that you should
learn this as well.
[Natsume] Huh?
(sighs)
[Alexia] This is the Sanctuary?
[Alpha] According to legend,
this is the place
where they sealed away
the left arm of
the Demon Diablos
after he was defeated
by the Hero Olivier.
[Nelson]
So this is what it's all about?
You heard a fairy tale,
so you're coming here
to find the arm?
[Alpha] That sounds fun too.
But we're more
interested in learning
about the Cult of Diablos.
[Nelson] What?
What are you talking about?
[Alpha] I know that you can't
answer our questions.
That's why we came to
see it for ourselves.
We're here to find everything
from the beginning.
The truth that was buried in
the dark corners of history.
The statue of the
Great Hero Olivier...
[Rose] I thought the
Great Hero Olivier was a man.
We have a general grasp
of all of the facts.
We know the true history,
the Cult's real objective,
and we know why this hero has
the exact same face as mine.
You're a possessed elf,
but you weren't compatible.
You should be dead.
Why are you still alive?
So you do know about us.
We are well aware of the truth
about the possessed, Bishop.
We must be quite the
nuisance to a Church
that's so eager to maintain
the current way of things.
(Nelson stuttering)
What on earth are
you talking about?
[Alpha] We also suspect
that the Cult's goal
is not merely to bring the
demon back to life,
but we aren't yet certain.
So why don't we just all
go see for ourselves?
(tense ominous music)
(electrical discharge)
This can't be!
There was once a great battle
in this very place
and many lives were lost.
[Nelson] This is impossible!
How did you turn it on?
[Alpha]
The magical powers of the demon
and warriors whirled together,
and that vortex
locked away the memories
that had nowhere else to go.
This is the final resting place
of ancient memories
and demonic grudges.
(both gasp)
[Nelson] Olivier!
Let us all now
begin our journey
into the world of fairy tales.
(door creaks)
Huh? Hi there!
Hi there.
So, you must be the one who
summoned me here then.
Summoned?
I don't think I summoned you,
but hey, that fight we had was
really quite enjoyable.
Yeah, I had fun too.
[Aurora]
My memories are incomplete,
but I'm pretty sure
you were the strongest.
If only you had been around
in my day and age.
Thank you, I'm honored.
[Aurora]
So how did you get here?
There was this
door looking thing
that wouldn't stop
following me around.
So I gave in and
went through it.
[Aurora] I don't understand.
I don't either.
Oh, by the way,
do you happen to know
how to get outta here?
[Aurora] I'm not sure.
I don't have any memories
of ever leaving.
[Cid] But you just fought me.
[Aurora]
I woke up and I was there.
That had never happened before,
as far as I remember anyway.
I see. Well, that isn't
very helpful, is it?
I guess I'll start by trying
to go back the way I came.
[Aurora] Excuse me.
[Cid] Huh?
[Aurora] There's a beautiful
woman right in front of you.
What is she wearing?
[Cid] She's in a straitjacket.
Then maybe you could start by
first helping her out of it?
This wasn't part of training.
I used to do something like
this back in the day.
[Aurora] (chuckles)
How avant-garde.
(schwing)
Mmm...
Finally free
after a thousand years.
Wow, it's been that long.
[Aurora] I'm guessing.
I don't actually remember,
but it was at least that long.
Now, you and I both want
essentially the same thing.
[Cid] Hmm?
[Aurora] You wanna get out;
I wanna be free.
Am I wrong?
Well, no, I guess not.
So then, let's work together.
Okay, but you've never gotten
out of here before, have you?
That is true, but I do know
how to free myself.
This Sanctuary is
a memory prison
created from ancient battles.
I just have to go to its center
and destroy its magical core,
and then I will be set free.
Just you alone?
Just me alone.
Or that's what
I think will happen.
But once the core is destroyed,
everything around us
will disappear.
You should be able
to leave then also.
Doesn't that mean there's
no more Sanctuary?
[Aurora]
Who cares? Is that a problem?
Well, I guess it's not.
That settles it then.
Also, and I think you've
already noticed this,
but we can't use magic.
We're close to the center
of the Sanctuary.
You can try and
work your powers,
but they'll be absorbed.
So it would seem.
Well,
that's not a problem for me.
I'm good at breaking stuff.
My, how reliable.
But do know I'm just a weak,
delicate damsel in distress.
I have always wanted to have a
gallant knight to protect me.
(giggles)
[Cid] You don't seem all that
distressed to me, Damsel.
(Aurora giggles)
[Cid]
Now that I'm thinking of it,
what will you do
once you're free?
[Aurora]
I'll vanish into nothing.
(glass shattering)
[Rose] What is this place?
[Alpha] The memories of
the Hero Olivier
that had been locked up
in the Sanctuary.
Long ago, the Cult gathered
orphaned children to this place
and used them as guinea pigs
in their experiments.
Most of the children's bodies
rejected the treatments
and they died.
Only a small handful
of girls survived.
Then they are the possessed.
That's horrific.
[Cid] Where are we?
[Aurora] Inside a memory.
Your memory?
[Aurora] I do recognize it.
Hmm?
(girl sniffles)
[Cid] I think she's crying.
She looks just like you.
[Aurora] Just a coincidence.
So why do you think
she's crying?
She probably wet the bed.
[Cid]
Anyway, what are we going to do?
[Aurora]
If we wanna move forward,
then all we have to do
is end this memory.
[Cid] Meaning?
[Aurora]
Crying won't change anything.
(smack)
Man, that was harsh.
It's fine.
She's me anyway.
So you're admitting she's you.
(glass shattering)
[Alpha]
Olivier was one of the few
children who were compatible.
[Alexia] Compatible with what?
The Diablos' cells.
That is what we
call them you see.
[Alpha] The Cult was
performing experiments
to implant demon cells
in children.
(growls)
There was no other choice.
If we were going to fight the
demon, we needed power.
We had to do it!
That's the Cult's
excuse anyway.
Whatever their real
intentions were,
the fact remains that Olivier
did sever the demon's left arm.
[Rose] Are you saying it's not
just a fairy tale?
[Alpha] You're welcome to
think whatever you like.
Even the things we're seeing
right now,
we still don't know
how much of it is true.
Memories fade and are
replaced with new ones.
In any case,
once Olivier had matured and
gained the power of Diablos,
she was given a mission.
[Alexia]
To vanquish the demon, right?
[Alpha] In the fairy tale,
that is what became her quest.
But in reality,
the mission assigned to her
was to extract
new cells from Diablos.
Stop making up nonsense!
(waaah)
[Alpha]
She remained obedient even after
she had obtained her powers.
She believed that if she had
completed her task,
it would lead to a world where
people could live in peace.
But the cult had a
different goal in mind.
(glass shattering)
[Alexia] A battlefield?
[Alpha] No matter how many
parts she cut off,
the demon still lived.
(men groaning)
(blood splattering)
The Cult used powerful
ancient artifacts
to immobilize the left arm.
They cut into its flesh, drew
its blood, and researched it.
All to gain the
marvelous life force
contained within
Diablos' cells.
This is what they created.
Those are-
(Nelson cringing)
[Alpha] But the side effects
are too strong.
This is not what the
Cult truly sought.
(glass shattering)
Is that the demon's arm?
A relic!
That thing is enormous.
Th-that's impossible!
How dare you?!
Why would you expose this
here in front of them?
Stop, don't look!
You're the lowlife descendant
of a guinea pig.
You have no right to
know these things.
[Alpha] It was said that with
its crimson sheen,
it looked just like
the blood of Diablos.
A single taste of it would
grant tremendous power
and a body that
never grows old.
You mean they'd gain
ageless immortality?
So you're saying that's what
the Cult is really after?
(Alpha chuckles)
Look at our dear
Priest Nelson...
(groaning)
...and that man over there.
Do you notice a
striking resemblance?
(both gasp)
You were there.
I would expect you would have
some fascinating stories
to share with us.
What is the name of this drug?
(groaning)
Fine!
If you must know it's "Beads,"
Beads of Diablos.
[Alpha] Thank you,
but there was a problem.
This drug had two major flaws.
Flaws you say, what kind?
Oh, please, one look at him
will tell you.
Past Nelson had hair...
but in the present...
That's not it! It's not!
I lost my hair
from all the pressure!
I was surrounded by idiots
who figured since
I wasn't gonna die
they could make me do
all the work.
Normally, they were at
each other's throats,
but somehow those bastards
worked together
when it came to making me
clean up the mess.
I'm sorry, I guess I was wrong.
The first flaw is that the
Beads of Diablos
must be taken
at regular intervals
or the effects will wear off.
I would guess
about once a year.
[Nelson] Your guest is right.
[Alpha] The second is that
they can only be produced
in very small amounts.
In one year?
[Nelson] We can make twelve.
Come to think of it, I believe
the highest ranking
organization in the Cult,
the Knights of Rounds,
contains twelve members.
A coincidence?
[Alexia]
(gasps) Knights of Rounds?
So if I'm correct,
after all this time,
you have yet to perfect
the Beads of Diablos,
and you assume the keys
to your perfect drug
are the immobilized
demon's limb
and the heroes' descendants.
That's right, people like me,
the girl with Olivier's blood
running through her veins.
Am I right,
Sir Eleventh of the Rounds?
(growls)
(chuckles)
[Nelson]
Every single member of the Cult
wants the power and
eternal life
you can gain from those beads.
And indeed, I am one of
the chosen Knights of Rounds:
Nelson the Avaricious!
(groans)
(blood splatters)
(water splashes)
(statisfied chuckle)
Delta,
we told you not to kill him
until we got all the information
we needed from him.
(gasps)
(whimpers)
I'm so sorry, Lady Alpha.
But I thought it would be
better if I hunted him.
I hunted boars
in the mountains and-
That's enough of that.
(rueful whimper)
[Alpha] And remember what
I'm constantly telling you:
Always make sure that
your prey is actually dead.
(evil laughter)
(glass cracks)
(glass shattering)
(clang)
It's all white.
What the hell is happening?
I don't see
Epsilon or the others.
[Epsilon] We've been separated.
This must be another feature
of the Sanctuary's
security system.
(dramatic music)
(Nelson laughs)
Don't you see?
The Sanctuary is OUR territory.
You will rue the day you
turned against the Cult.
Now feel our wrath!
(raaah)
(ENDING THEME)